#64 move 'charge' transactions to 'authorization' transactions according to the adyen best practices. (#85)
commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration: extension/docs/CancelRefundPayment.md

          ]
        }
        ```

> - Both transaction types work the same, because Adyen will always pick the right action for the current transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Both charge and refund is processed by Adyen in a similar manner and it will automatically pick the right action for the current transaction.
```

        ```
    Both transaction types work the same, because Adyen will always pick the right action for the current transaction.
    If the transaction is not authorized yet, Adyen will try to cancel.

>     If the transaction is already authorized (or charged), Adyen will do refund.

Author: e7a18ca
